hello everyone Apple and apps here with
Gameloft and we're checking out the next
update to spider-man unlimited ok so we
were going to start now with the very
first mission in issue 5 with Donna our
new enemy the sinister six
and this is the first time you're
actually going to
get to check out what's going on in this
issue we have to do a little bit of
running about but we should fingers
crossed everything works you can see the
new environment as well
in the dark
we're running a spider purring on a
spider verse release instant spiders
just for the comics they've got to make
his persecutors here in spider-man
unlimited but we're also bringing in a
variety of more spider-man and okay and
this is probably the really big one that
people be excited about is that superior
venom making his first appearance will
be the very first thing spider to come
out with the update and he will be
achievable through an event that'll
complying in and to issued five people
to finally stop requesting the venom
guess what he's here but he was one is
probably one of the biggest requests in
terms of fan favorites to bring into the
game even though he's attention please
kind of sort of not a Spider Man but he
is depends on what you consider to
qualify as Spider Man or not I guess but
sweet
I've no idea with the peppermint
yeah it's trying to do everything at
once and it isn't early build so that is
the one thing we have to be apart this
desirable field guys the final ones so
occasionally we'll see some little bugs
and things but the other one here spider
Quinn who actually do had our first
comic relief
across campus
partly checkout
- the husband can decide on legroom
here we go
it's all alive you know it's funny
because whenever I've done testing I
like you Delta they do good fireman
right away to mow it
okay transition be ready you're gonna
have to pick up the device we're about
to discredit the lasers
and so this is the brand-new environment
cooled from the corner house underwater
lab and you're gonna see that there's a
variety of different things though he's
here
I've even broken a sweat where's because
I hear the chaotic with it so as you can
see here our you're slayin bounds live
out walk and he wears water can see our
daughter
gonna find it this bit more obstacle a
little more chaotic movement through
this with a coming in
my
yes so we wanted to make it a little
more interesting for players and
adoption to
to go in and
Hakan we don't get to see all of it here
that you did get to get fit of what that
effing element
is also going to be
oh you have potential to happen all year
ses campaigner series of events so far
get up yeah so this is working for and
defeated together the silk are
recognized other four members of this
mister
the newspapers guys unfortunately here
we go but it also helps set you up
before some of the other things that are
going on in your death will be quick
only hide relief sinister six miss
interesting spiders that purposely stain
inside miss the last update for whenever
you have had access to be able to have a
team of spider-man yes
so now is you have a stable we now can
build teams and there will be certain
missions or requirements like your team
Spidey Power has to be this much and you
get a certain number
good a certain number of multipliers
based on each of the individual spiders
added together so you go these on
missions that have requirements like
play at this spider we don't have this
level team spider power a variety of
those things so I can't believe I was
gonna put up well done progress that's
just a quick look at issue high for
spotted me in the limited should be out
later this month